Oh. good morning.
-Hi. Dad.
-How are you?
-Ah. no. we are good.
-Hello. dear husband.
-Hello.
-You came right on time.
I just reserved a table for us
for the Ivory Oasis dinner.
so everything is ready.
This is the first time
I'm hearing about this.
Uh. what do you mean
it's your first time hearing about it?
-I told you about this.
-When?
No. Joyce. you didn't tell me.
You must've forgotten. you know.
like how you forgot my birthday.
-Seriously? That's what we're doing now?
-Mm-mmm.
-Knock. knock.
-Leave it.
-I was just saying.
-Morning. morning. family.
My love.
So people just show up here in my house…
-…without the decency to knock.
-Wow.
-Um.
-Whoa.
-Goodness.
-Here…
-is an invite to the twins' christening.
-Wow.
I'd love it if you could all come.
Yeah. of course. Of course.
There's a dress code.
All those that are closest to my heart.
I mean. those who are loved by me.
my children.
you guys as well.
you will be dressed in cream.
-Oh. cream? Wow.
-Mm-hmm.
-And others?
-Others what?
What will they wear?
They'll just wear what they usually wear
at church on a Sunday.
Okay. thank you.
Enjoy your breakfast.
-I have somewhere to be. I'll see you.
-Okay.
"Those closest to my heart."
Well. you can miss me at that christening.
Listen here.
That christening is for your sisters.
We're all going there as a family.
Do you understand?
Well. that means
I'll be in my Sunday best.
I really take care of you guys.
Who else have you seen buying lunch
worth 150 rand in this township?
The new babies get special treatment.
-Hmm.
-What's going on?
Oh. wow. Matipa's kids are being baptised.
-Oh? Wow.
-Mm-hmm.
What are you holding?
Oh. Dad just forgot his fancy pen.
Oh.
I guess old age doesn't announce itself.
Stop it with your drama.
Whoa. It's just a pen.
We all know dad is very careful
not to leave anything
that belongs to him here. right?
How about you and I go to the mall?
We're getting beautiful clothes.
I want you to look good
for this christening at the Matipas'.
The twins must be so important.
while we remain hidden.
We have to hide in the shadows.
-No ways. Mom. Why?
-Oh. Sarah.
Well. you're not forced to go. my child.
You can stay if you don't want to.
-So what about your lunch?
-No!
So there's no other venue we can use?
So there's nothing?
Okay.
No. it's fine.
Bye.
Well. the twins are sleeping.
The venue double-booked themselves.
-So we don't have a venue for the party.
-Those idiots.
How do they double-book?
My first event as a mother
and a part of the Gomora family.
and this is what happens.
You know what?
We'll have it at my place.
at my house.
Where will Joyce be when that happens?
She'll be strong.
And then?
Jo?
Jonasi!
So. Joyce agreed for you to have
your kids' party at her house?
-Why?
-I don't know.
Maybe this is her way of showing me
that she's ready to put everything
that has happened in the past
so we can move on with our lives.
-Joyce.
-Oh.
You look so beautiful.
-That dress looks good on you.
-Enough about the dress.
What's going on here?
Oh. uh. the twins' christening party
will be here.
-Jonasi…
-Yes?
Don't you dare. Don't provoke me.
-Provoke you?
-What do you mean the party will be here?
The venue was Hibiscus Manor.
How's my house involved in all of this?
The venue was double-booked.
What were we supposed to do?
What does the double-booking
have to do with me. Jo?
-Come on.
-Jonasi. you're trying to tell me that…
-Mmm.
-…you couldn't consult with me first.
as your wife. before doing all this?
Joyce. I tried speaking to you last night.
and you weren't listening to me.
-Wow.
-You're all so beautiful.
They didn't even tell us the theme.
Even the ballerina's are dressed in white.
We're the only ones…
That doesn't matter. We're here now.
Wait. Mom. Tell me. Was I baptised?
Ah. Sarah. My goodness.
My love. it's not about you.
It's about the twins. Please.
-Sarah.
-Yes?
Just look at your father.
Do you think he's mentally okay?
Look at him. He's acting holier-
than-thou in front of all of these people.
They have no idea
how he treats us like dogs.
Ugh.
That's your brother.
-Can we have a word?
-I'll be back. Okay?
You have some nerve.
You have the nerve to organise parties
at my house without my knowledge?
-You didn't know?
-Cut the act.
It's not an act. Joyce.
I thought Jo told you.
-You had no right--
-Whoa. whoa. whoa.
The right?
Let me remind you
in case you have forgotten.
This is the twins' home too.
How can I forget?
You're always here in my ear constantly
every day reminding me about it.
You know. I really thought that
you made this nice gesture
-to show you have accepted my children.
-Oh.
I guess it's obvious
I was wrong about that.
Oh. you're definitely wrong about that.
Are we clear? Absolutely wrong.
Now. listen here.
There's one problem with you.
You're forgetting that you're here
because I woke up one morning
and decided to allow it.
-Wow.
-I had your life
in the palm of my hand. Matipa.
Have you seen what
they're saying on social media?
-What are they saying?
-They're saying you're a gold-digging
home-wrecker.
Hmm? And that doesn't go away.
You see. those kids? They'll grow up
one day and read about it.
They'll see for themselves
what a home-wrecker their mother was.
Disgusting.
Friend.
Are you okay?
-Joyce. please. Let's go inside.
-Mom.
Mom. please stop.
What is it?
-It's your mother.
-What happened?
Dude. You-You know what…
Wait a minute.
Who's Ashley and who's Hayley?
You still can't tell them apart?
-Are you judging me?
-Okay. wait.
-This is Ashley and this is Hayley.
-Okay.
The thing about Hayley is…
Oh. I need Hayley's pink pacifier.
-Yeah.
-How do you know about the pink pacifier?
Uh. I've been… I've been visiting them.
I'm their big brother.
-Hmm.
-They are your sisters too. Mpume.
-I know.
-Yes. Give it to her.
so that she'll like you. Give it to her.
So she doesn't like me now?
As I was saying.
-that idiot was getting married.
-Uh-huh.
He didn't even show up
for his own wedding.
-He wasn't there? Wow.
-No.
Are you well. Jonasi?
May I have a word with you. please?
-Bro. give me a moment.
-All right.
Moment.
What do we have there?
-Jonasi.
-Hmm?
You know things were left on
a bad note between me and you.
And you haven't bothered yourself
to call me or at least call Sarah.
Do you think this is the right time?
Or the right place?
Oh.
When?
This is the only time we have to talk.
So. you can explain to me.
We'll talk later.
Oh?
Jonasi.
-As I was saying. Brother.
-Yes.
-Talk brother.
-I see you're eyeing someone.
-You drink a lot.
-Pour. pour that into your mocktails.
-Guys. I have some news.
-Yes.
Bongs's parents are leaving next week.
-and I am planning on popping my cherry.
-There you go.
That's what a woman does.
So. how do you want your first time to be?
I want it to be magical.
-Okay. Hmm.
-And memorable.
-Okay.
-Fantastic.
Hold it right there.
I have the right thing for you.
-Let me take it out for you.
-Whoa.
Let me plug you.
You go around carrying panties?
When you go to Bonginkosi wearing this…
he'll definitely be thanking the Lord.
That's not all.
It even has pearls.
-I also have fresh cream.
-Lindani.
Do you girls know where to put this?
-Strategic places.
-No. no. no. You know what?
-It's giving loose vibes.
-Shut up
-and take the cream.
-I don't want it.
What do you think. Sarah?
Hell no. Sex is overrated. Lindani.
-Ugh.
-Mm-mmm.
And. Mpume. why can't you wait
for marriage? What's the rush?
Bongs is my true love.
It's not like I'm throwing away
my virginity by giving it up to him.
You're certainly not. my dear.
Because he is your man after all.
Goodness.
Something you should know. girls.
is that if you don't give it up.
he won't stay.
Well. Bongs…
He's understanding. he's very gentle.
Bongs would never cheat on me.
He's nothing like my father.
You're certainly right.
Your father is something else.
Well. men like
to tap and go though. but okay.
Oh my word. Lindani.
Do you need anything?
I'm fine.
Yes. I'm fine.
It's just the tequila.
My goodness. Hey. hey. hey.
-What is it? Let me see.
-Wait.
Look at this beauty.
You see this?
This is the girl I'm talking about.
This girl. we need to make her Mrs Gomora.
Ah. don't tell me
about Mihlali. man. Please.
You know who Mrs Gomora is going to be.
-Nah.
-Wait.
Here we go.
Um. hi.
Hi.
What's wrong? You don't look okay.
Yeah. I just feel a bit nauseous.
Oh. I'm sorry. Sorry.
Hmm. how about we go inside
and I'll make you some ginger tea
or anything.
Thank you.
I can see that X is not here today.
Is he not coming?
We're going through something right now.
He's not coming.
-Okay.
-As the saying goes…
…it's better to be late
than not pitching at all.
My goodness. Hold on.
Hello.
-Please hold her carefully.
-Jonasi. my brother.
Now. uh.
let's have a picture
of just the wives. please.
My goodness.
-MaJele.
-Oh. no. I'm good. Thank you.
Joyce.
Come on. There we go.
Smile. Both of you smile.
Yes. There we go.
Take the picture. Take the picture.
Clap for them. Oh. come on.
Oh. wow. They look beautiful.
He sleeps around with every woman
-and expects us to applaud him.
-Stop it.
Maybe let's take a picture
including all the children.
-Oh. all the kids.
-Menzi.
Can all my kids come forward?
Yes. let them come.
You're dressed like your father.
You're dressed just like your father.
I've never heard you complain
about your father.
Someone's missing.
Let's wait for the rest of my children.
Go and join them.
Fine.
There we go.
Everyone say. "Cheese." Come on.
Cheese!
-There we go.
-I'm sorry. Essie.
Sorry for what?
I can tell this is affecting you.
I'm fine. I'm just bored.
Because this place is boring.
Ah. my baby.
Are you smiling?
Are you okay?
-Hmm?
-Are you okay?
Um. actually.
please help me with something? Please.
Matipa.
Would you please have a seat?
Listen.
I'd like to apologise to you
for the way I spoke to you earlier.
I would also like to apologise. Joyce.
I honestly didn't know Jonasi
hadn't consulted you regarding the party.
Hmm.
You know. I have so much respect for you.
The way you handle everything
with so much grace and class.
I could barely keep it together out there.
I honestly thought I was losing my mind.
Well…
For me to reach
that point of grace and class…
I've had to do a lot of practice.
Wow.
Hmm.
There was something you said earlier
that was true.
When the twins are here. they're home.
I shouldn't be directing my anger
towards them.
It's their father.
Yeah.
I can't believe
the things that man does sometimes.
Jonasi.
-Yes.
-I…
Oh.
-Oops! Essie. be careful. Sorry.
-My goodness. I almost fell on the table.
Aren't you two sitting so cosy.
-Sorry.
-Please pour some for me.
I came to get a refill.
-Are you okay?
-I'm okay.
-Ah. that's good.
-Hey. Matipa.
Wow. this is such
a really beautiful event.
-It was truly beautiful.
-Oh. thank you. Thank you.
How does it feel being wife number two?
Is it nice?
Bongs.
Oh. shit.
-My love. I'm sorry.
-What are you doing. Bongs?
-Please let me explain.
-In my bedroom? Piss off!
Piss off. Bongs! Piss off!
Just leave me! Leave me!
My goodness!
Joyce. get up. The kids.
-What's going on?
-It's Mpume.
Get out! Get out. both of you! Get out!
-Get out. Bongs! Get out of my room!
-What's going on?
Just leave! Leave!
What are you still doing here?
Get out! Get out. Bongs!
-What's going on?
-Mpume.
Oh. my gosh. Just leave.
-Mpume! What's happening?
-My goodness! Sarah!
-What's going on in this house?
-Sarah!
What did this boy do?
What did you do to my sister?
No!
-No. don't!
-I'll kill you with my bare hands!
Stop it!
Say it again! Do it again!
-Leave me alone! I'll kill this boy!
-What are you doing?
What do you think you're doing
with my child?
-Come here. you little bastard.
-Get him out!
-You see. you… you're a whore. huh?
-Piss off. man.
Hey. let's go now! What bullshit is this?
Let's go! Damn it.
Let's go. Don't piss me off.
You're embarrassing me in front of people!
Damn it.
Mpume.
Jo. deal with her please.
You go.
Go check on her.
You want to be seen naked
in front of all these people? Damn it.
Sarah! Hey! I'm talking to you!
Hey! Where are you going?
I'm talking to you!
What devil has possessed you?
What?
The devil?
Do you know the devil. Mom? Hmm?
You haven't seen the devil yet. Mom. Okay?
Now get the hell out of my way.
-You're not going anywhere. Hey!
-I said move!
-Mom!
-You're not going anywhere.
-Mom! Mom!
-You're not…
Mom! Mom!
Hello.
Something bad happened to my mother.
Please help me. I can't reach Dad.
Please come quickly. Please. Please.
Well. you can say it was a long day.
Especially for Essie.
Why are you talking about Essie?
She had to stand there and watch you
taking pictures with Matipa and Joyce.
You seem to forget
that she's your wife as well.
Hey. Brother. stop annoying me.
I get enough of that at home.
Is there something you want to say?
No. no. no. no.
You just don't realise
the sacrifices people made for you.
Like Essie and I.
Sacrifices?
You?
Jonasi.
-My life is on hold.
-Oh?
I could've had my own family. Hmm?
But I have to pretend
to be married to Essie.
Tell me. bro.
Which life of yours did I put on hold?
Because you wouldn't have anything
without me.
Oh. is it that position you have at J&J?
Do you feel like you deserve it?
Are you qualified? Hmm?
So my job is to clean up your mess?
Yes.
That made you wealthy.
I only want to hear one thing from you.
A thank you.
Thank you. boss.
Understand?
Do you understand?
Or do you want me
to reconsider everything?
I understand.
Hold this.
I'm going to the bathroom.
Pull yourself together when I get back.
Stop talking shit.
Here's some water.
Let her be.
Sarah.
Tell me what actually happened?
This is all your fault.
What do you mean all of this is my fault?
What did I do?
Mom was trying to protect you.
Protect me from what?
From the tru…
Sarah.
What truth was your mother
trying to protect me from?
Sarah?
Talk.